# Intro-To-My-Hybrid-Cloud-Project
Quick writeup on my background, where I am at with my tech journey (at time of writing), and plans for my next major project: building up a hybrid cloud environment.

As I'm sure you know, my name is Henry Ossinger, I'm 21 and live in the Seattle area of Washington state. Since february of this year I have been worked at TurnPoint Technology which is an MSP based out of Seattle. During my first couple months at Turnpoint I had a ton to learn, and spent most of my time focusing on the new technologies I've been given the opportunity to work with. I've been there for just over 7 months now, and can say that I am extremely comfortable with a majority of the day to day technologies I use. I am now transitioning my learning  to more administrative level tasks, as compared to the help desk level tasks I do daily. 

2 Weeks ago I started the AZ-900 and am a little over 70% done. So far it's been fairly easy, the AZ-900 provides a very high level overview of what is in Azure, and not necessarily how to utilize it. My knowledge from the AZ-900 along with my want to learn about servers and administrative tasks has lead me to start a new project: building a hybrid cloud environment. My end goal for this is still somewhat unclear, my only objective is to incorporate Linux / Windows servers and networking between them to mimick what an organizations cloud environment might look like. 

There is a section on the main page of my GitHub specifically for this environment build. Each repository will be numbered in chronilogical order (1 being the start) so anyone looking at my Github can easily track the timeline of this environments growth. To the reader of this short introduction, thank you for taking the time to go through my work! If you would like to contact me, a link to my LinkedIn can be found here. 
